Let's go and see if we can put together extension function that will remove the first and last character.
All right.
You may have been able to do this, but let's go ahead and try real quick here.
So it's a fun string, of course.
And then I'm going to say remove first and last.
Charles, OK.
Rather long name, but that's fine.
So what I'm going to pass, anything is going to be a string that's going to be expected to return.
And in this case, I'm just going to say return, right?
And there's going to be this string that we are painting this to.
When I use the substring method or function in passing.
The first item that we need to remove and then we're going to pass the last one and to get it the last
one, because this is going to transform their strength into, of course, a an array or list.
We can say this at length, right?
And then minus one to get the last item.
Oops, minus one.
And this has to be written like this.
And as you know, right now, we can just get rid of all of this and all of that, and I say equal like
this.
Put that in one long line, and there you have it.
So now we can use it by, say, print, for instance, in the message and again, to say, this is fun.
And then for that on that string, I get inside because it's a string.
This is going to be read as a string, as you saw before.
It is a string and we say dot and say remove first and last charge.
The beauty is that, as I told you earlier, is that we can invoke this extension function as if we
as if it came with cuddling.
All right.
That's really good.
OK, so there you have it.
Let's go ahead and run this.
And you can see his is full because we remove the first and the last.
Characters.